                          D4LM LICENSE
                  Version 1, 14 January 2025

Copyright (C) 2025 D4LM. <https:https://d4lmwastaken.github.io/>
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of
this license document, but changing it is not allowed. Exceptions
can be made with approval from the developer, D4LM.

                            Preamble

  The D4LM License is a free, copyleft license for software and 
other kinds of works, specifically designed for use by the developer
D4LM.

  The licenses used by other software like the Orbits Discord Bot is 
designed to take away your freedom to share and change the works. By
contrast, the D4LM License is intended to guarantee freedom for the
developer D4LM's collaborators or end users to use his work or modify
it.

  D4LM's License protects the developer D4LM's and his accosiates with
two steps: (1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you 
this License which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or
modify the software as long as you meet D4LM's terms.

  D4LM's License allows those wanting to make a modified version to let 
public access without releasing the source code as long the new 
developer meets D4LM's terms for distributing new copies of the software.

  The precise terms and coditions for copying, distribution and 
modification follow.

                        TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Defintions.

  "This Licese" refers to version 1 of the D4LM License.

  "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of
works, such as websites.

  "The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this 
License. Each license is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipents"
may be individuals or organizations.

  To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work
in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of
an exact copy. The resulting work is called a "modified version" ofthe
earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.

  A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based
on the Program.

  To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without 
permission, would make you directly or secondarily or tertiarily for
infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on
a computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying,
pirating, hacking, distributing (with or without modification), making
available to the public, and in some countries as well. There are
exceptions to propagation if D4LM, "the developer" agrees and wants you
to do this.

  To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other 
parties to mamke or recieve copies. Mere inteeraction with a user
through a computer network, with no transfer of a copy is not conveying.

  An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices" to
the extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible feature
that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2) tells the user
that there is no warranty for the work (except to the extent that warranties
are provided), that licensees may convey the work under this License, and 
ho to view a copy of this License. If the interface presents a list of user
commands or options, such as a menu, a prominent item in the lsit meets
this criterion.

  The person or group declared by D4LM as "enemy of D4LM" is not allowed to 
propage or convey the program unless granted a pardon by D4LM.

  The develoepr of the license "D4LM" is allowed to modify the license as he
sees fit and can declare anyone as "enemy of D4LM".

